[thunder rumbling]
[whirring]
[laser fires]
This, gentlemen,
is the future of armed combat, the Z-7000.
Show 'em what you can do.
Yes, master.
- [beeping]
- [clinking]
[weapon powers up]
[crash]
[narrator] Robots. We've been trying
to perfect 'em for years.
I am Feedbot 5000,
the world's first perfect eating machine.
[whirring]
No, no! [grunts]
[narrator] Tweaking them. Trying
to get them to make our world better.
"Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet,
eating her curds..."
[stammering] Error, error.
[children screaming]
[distorted] Children, help me.
[screaming]
- [trombone toots]
- But they never worked the kinks out.
What would happen if someone made a robot
that actually worked?
Let's find out together.
[screams] No! No!
[Katie] Living through
the robot apocalypse
hasn't been awesome so far.
Humanity fell in, like, three days,
all the world's governments and militaries
have been taken over...
- [car horn plays melody]
- ...and, for some insane reason,
it's up to my family to save the world.
That's us.
- I told you to get that horn fixed.
- Does that matter now, honey?
[tires squealing]
[Katie] Dad, look out!
So basically my dreams for the future,
the whole world, everything we know
is completely over if my crazy family
and our morbidly obese dog
don't stop these things.
- [all scream]
- [Linda] Truck, truck, truck, truck!
[Katie] So, you know,
we'll see how it goes.
But let's go back a week
before the world went totally insane.
Okay, I leave for school tomorrow.
This is our last chance
to become filmmaking legends.
Last shot of the movie, and action.
[camera beeps, whirs]
[chuckles] Got it.
Okay, Aaron, are you ready to watch
the greatest film ever created by man?
[siren chirps]
You almost
got us killed back there, partner.
May I remind you you're not above the law?
I'm gonna need your badge.
[grunts]
Dog Cop, this precinct
just wasn't ready for you.
[panting]
[chuckles] It's weird and I love it.
Where's my star?
The fatter you are, the more I love you.
- [car horn honks]
- [gasps]
[driver] Get out of the road!
- [pop music playing on car stereo]
- Wait, Katie Mitchell? What are you doing?
Oh, you know, just crushing it 24-7.
Hanging out by a dumpster. Jealous?
Why do you make those stupid movies?
No one even watches them.
Why do you have a bumper sticker
that says, "Sleep. Eat. Volleyball."?
Is it because you love eating volleyballs?
[scoffs] Whatever.
At least I actually have friends.
[tires squeal]
Sorry, dude. Those girls are dumb.
Not gonna worry about it. Know why?
Tomorrow I get on a plane
and leave this town forever.
I've already been talking to the kids
who got accepted on this online group.
- They're all a bunch of weirdos like me.
- [phone beeps]
Katie, we're calling dorm beds.
Get here quick.
We want you on our side of Hall H,
the dankest hall.
Also, we're having
a Korean horror movie fest tomorrow night.
- Get out of here, Noah.
- K-Bones, get here quick, girl!
- Ooh, you already have a nickname.
- I know, right?
After all these years,
I finally found my people.
Whoo!
Officer Sanchez, thanks for letting us
film in front of your squad car.
Don't worry about it.
Just stop trespassing to film scenes.
I make no promises!
[person laughing]
Listen, honey,
you just need to drive to Baltimore,
accept your daughter's life choices,
and tell her you love her.
[Fernando sobs] I will, Linda.
I'm so proud of you, Fernando.
- [phone clicks]
- Who was that, Mom?
Wrong number.
I guess I changed his life, though.
Who knew?
Hey, to celebrate your last night,
boom, Katie face cupcakes.
This looks like you, right?
Hey, it's scary, but I love it.
- [car approaches]
- [Rick laughs]
Look, there's Dad.
Probably planning an elaborate way
to ruin my last night.
Maybe with spearfishing.
Come on. Your father just loves nature.
He's not a crazy person.
[Rick] Great news, everyone!
I finally caught a possum
with my bare hands.
[grunting, hissing]
- [all scream]
- [Linda] Get it out of here!
[laughing] Don't worry.
Oh. [chuckles]
Got a little temper on him.
Don't you, little Stevie?
Don't name it! Get it out of the house!
[Rick] All right, fine.
[sighs] Sorry, honey.
Despite that, I made him promise
he'd be on his best behavior.
Mom, you know what? It's okay.
I don't even care that Dad's a lunatic.
Or that he's never watched
one of my films,
or doesn't care about me
going to film school.
- Doesn't even bother me anymore.
- [Aaron] I got a package?
[gasping, squealing]
My Dino-blaster flash cards just came.
They're organized by era.
Mesozoic, Paleozoic, I just... just...
Did you just kiss that, you psychopath?
Yeah, and I'll do it again too.
Come here, iguanodon. You're looking good.
[chuckles] Stupid.
- Hey, I made something for you guys.
- Oh, hon, that looks so cute.
- [music plays]
- Ugh. Skip, skip.
You got schmutz all over the screen.
Howdy, y'all. I'm Mark Bowman,
founder and CEO of Pal Labs.
New Pal announcement.
You better update
the editing software, man.
We here at Pal like to do the impossible.
From the Pal personal assistant,
to smart appliances,
to even teaching dogs how to talk.
[straining] Hello. I am dog.
[whines]
But we are about to drop
our biggest invention yet.
Your cell phone is about
to take its first steps.
- Whoa!
- Is this real, or...?
- Yeah, hold on.
- Hey, gang.
- Hi, hon.
- Hi, Dad.
After a long day at work,
nice to see your faces...
bathed in ghoulish blue light. Wonderful.
Okay, you know what? Brilliant idea.
This is our last night together
before Katie leaves, so let's savor this.
How about we put our phones down,
and we can make ten seconds
of unobstructed family eye contact.
Starting right...
- This seems...
- Put your phone down. Now.
See, this is good, right here.
This is natural.
[groaning]
No, you're allowed to blink.
It's just eye contact.
Look at Monch right there.
That's the spirit right there, huh?
Katie, it seems like
you're not taking this seriously.
[strained] What makes you say that?
Guys, guys. Everyone, focus.
Keep focusing!
Now that we're all comfortable,
I can't wait for you to see my new movie.
How would I watch one?
I don't use computers.
I've tried to tell you how,
like, a million times.
When other people talk,
do you just hear whale noises?
A whale? Now, there's an animal.
King of the ocean. Master of water.
[vocalizing]
It might be a masterpiece?
[loud, up-tempo music plays]
[cheering]
[music continues]
[wacky sound effects]
What? What's the face?
Uh, well, I just wonder,
do you really think you can
make a living with this stuff?
Can you finish watching it at least?
I will, but I just worry that you're gonna
be all the way in California,
- and we're not gonna be able to help you,
-[thudding]
you know, if things don't... pan out.
Lin, why are you kicking me?
I don't understand.
Are you...?
Do you just think I'm gonna fail?
I never, uh, uh... Lin, help?
- [timer dings]
- Looks like the cookies are ready.
Who wants delicious cookies
instead of talking about this?
No, it's just...
Failure hurts, kid.
I want you to have a backup plan.
Why do you always have to do this?
Okay, you know what? I'm just gonna...
- No, look, I'll watch it.
- [Katie] It's too late.
I wanna watch it. You're not letting me.
Why are you making a big deal of this?
Dad, let go!
Uh, uh, if you think about it,
the people who made the computers
are the ones to blame.
That's how they make money, you know?
You gotta keep buying more and they...
Katie, come on.
Dad, this is exactly why
I'm excited to leave tomorrow.
Why is he like this?
Why is she like this?
Did you talk to her yet?
[clearing throat] No. Not yet.
I don't know what happened, Lin.
I know teenagers are supposed to rebel
against their parents or something, but...
I don't know,
I just thought that we'd be different.
Rick, don't you think
you might have some control over that?
You just broke her laptop. I mean...
Look, we haven't had
a good family picture in years
because you two are always arguing.
Well, what about that one?
That came with the frame.
Whenever we have a problem at home,
you always throw
your whole self into fixing it.
And I love that about you.
But now this is broken. Okay?
Because if that girl leaves
and never comes home again,
that's a problem I don't think we can fix.
I know you can do this.
[clearing throat]
And now, the Mitchell family talent show.
["My Life" playing]
[both humming along]
♪ Live your life ♪
[Linda] Bye, Katie.
Are you excited for camp?
[sobbing] Bye.
Hey, what's wrong?
You'll be back before you know it.
Don't make me go.
Well, look, let me just, uh...
Hey, take this.
But this is, like, your favorite thing.
Well, it's yours now.
You see, this little guy
is scared to be alone,
so you're gonna have
to cheer him up for me, okay?
You know how to say, "I love you,"
in moose language? Let me just...
[bellowing]
Don't laugh. You're supposed
to be sad. Hey, come on...
[groans]
All right. Let's fix it.
- [upbeat music playing]
- [alarm beeping]
Yes!
♪ California... ♪
Bring it in, buddy.
Bye, Monch!
Wait, why do you need all that
to take me to the airport?
I messed things up last night,
but I'm gonna make it up to you.
I canceled your plane ticket to college!
You what?
Don't freak out. I know you're excited.
We'll drive you to school
on a cross-country road trip as a family.
Why not pull up to school
in OI' Iron Eagle here.
It's got character, class, and some green
ooze we can learn about together.
And it comes with one coupon
for a father-daughter stick-shift lesson.
Right?
- Yeah!
- Uh, Mom?
Your father kind of went rogue
on this one a little bit.
But we do love his initiative, right?
Aaron, you too?
Well, I thought it could be cool
to hang out one last time.
I don't know.
We called the school. You can miss
orientation week, no problem.
But it is a problem.
I've got all these friends to meet.
There's this really cool girl Jade,
and we just like all the same stuff,
and it's like everyone
at the school just gets me.
There's a mixer, Dad. A mixer!
What about hanging out
with your family? Alone.
For hours in a car.
You and me!
[Katie screaming]
["(Nothing But) Flowers" playing]
[thunder crashes]
♪ Here we stand... ♪
[Rick] Ah, smell that open-road air.
[chuckles]
See? This isn't so bad. Huh?
You know,
the Poseys are on vacation right now
and look how happy they are.
Family yoga break.
[all laughing]
Why are you so obsessed with them?
They're our neighbors.
They're just so perfect.
Even their dog
is in better shape than ours.
[dog grunting]
[Katie] What are they feeding that thing,
other dogs?
- [Rick] Lin...
- Hey, I have a way to pass the time.
Let's talk about dinosaurs.
Who'd win the fight,
allosaurus or iguanodon?
- Uh...
- Trick question!
They're from different time periods.
[laughs]
["Flowers" playing on radio]
Don't worry about them.
They're jealous of us. Right, Katie?
I see you moping back there.
But what at your college
could possibly be better than this?
We set up a Slip 'N Slide in the dorms.
It's amazing.
This is the best day of my life!
I'm making lifelong bonds!
- [students] College! College!
- I'm missing everything.
Oh, come on, hon. Your father is trying.
Let's meet him halfway here, huh?
What do you say?
That's the law! Mom Law.
'Cause I'm the sheriff.
[laughing] All right, I'll try.
Dad, this place
has literally zero stars on Yelp.
It says "Do not eat here ever."
[laughs]
Will we let an app tell us how to...?
[all retching]
This is totally unrelated.
This is totally...
[horns honking]
Stupid traffic.
You know what this calls for?
- [sighs] Please don't say "The Rick..."
- The Rick Mitchell Special, baby!
[laughing]
- This is illegal!
- It's not illegal if you're good at it.
- [screaming]
- [horn honks]
If you think about it,
I was helping the flow of traffic.
What are you writing down?
Remember to check your shoes
for venomous wolf spiders.
Get outta there, you little rascals.
[chuckles]
Let's talk about tree moss. The key to...
Uh, Dad, like seven wolf spiders
just fell directly onto your face.
What? [screams]
The babies!
The babies have the most venom!
Katie, stop filming this!
Linda, what are you...
- Trying to help you, hon.
- Linda!
[Katie] I think you missed
one right there.
[Rick grunts]
Okay, guys, look over here.
Everyone say "cheese hot dog."
[Katie] There's a man in a hot dog suit.
Monchi's gonna go insane.
- [Aaron] No, Monchi!
- Katie, can you turn that off?
Linda, she's not paying attention to me.
[Katie] Mom, can you tell Dad
he's being a bully?
- [hot dog man yelps]
- [Monchi grunting]
[Katie]
Hey, Mom, I can grab Aaron for that photo.
[sighs] Never mind.
[hot dog man] Foam!
It's biting me through the foam!
Wow, I gotta admit.
This is actually amazing.
What's even more amazing,
I signed us up for a seven-hour mule tour.
Dad, doesn't that sound
steep and dangerous?
What could go wro...?
- Get to the bridge if you wanna live!
- What about Prancer?
Prancer belongs to the canyon now!
[chipper music playing]
Look at that man-made engineering.
Breath. Can't Monchi be in the car?
Ugh! He licked my tongue!
And now I present "Tricking
Rick Mitchell into kissing the dog."
Behold the...
Aah! He licked my mouth again!
- [Katie] Dad, can you check the trunk?
- Yeah, sure, why... Aah! Nasty!
Dang it, Katie!
That video is amazing.
Your dog is, like, legendary.
I know, right? I'm planning on...
There's supposed to be
some great hikes around here.
- No, that's okay.
- He's like the De Niro to your Scorsese.
You sure? Hey, it's elk country.
Uh, Dad, we're busy.
- Maybe later, though.
- [sighs] Mm-hmm.
Oh, gotta go. Pal Labs is about
to make a huge announcement.
Oh, yeah, definitely.
I'll check it out too.
Ugh. I wish I could be there.
I don't know. These things
are never that exciting.
[announcer] Are you ready for
the most exciting night of all time?
[up-tempo pop song playing]
[person] Get ready, everyone!
Look out. We're up in five.
[Mark] Yes, getting pumped up! Whoo!
Bring it in. Bring it in.
We've all been through so much
to get here tonight.
Whether you overcame poverty,
or escaped war to support your family,
or you're building
a multi-billion-dollar tech company
to get the approval of your stepdad, Ron.
Ron?
He talks about this every day.
Everyone thinks
we're moving too fast, man.
Let's prove them wrong.
Let's prove you have to dream big
to change the world, okay?
Let's tell Ron, who's sitting in seat 4H,
"You will respect me."
[announcer]
Ladies and gentlemen, Mark Bowman!
- Wish me luck. Whoo!
- [crowd cheering]
- Boom!
- Awesome!
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
At Pal Labs, we're all about
connecting you to the people you love.
Whether it's in your home, your car...
- Hello, Mark.
- ...or your pocket.
That's why we created PAL,
the world's first
smart personal assistant.
We wanted her to be
a new member of your family.
A smarter one. [laughs]
I'll always be there for you, Mark.
Thanks, PAL.
[crowd] Aw!
And after all those years,
she is completely obsolete.
- [crowd cheering, laughing]
- Boom! It is time to move on!
'Cause your digital assistant
just got an upgrade.
Meet PAL MAX.
The newest member of the Pal Labs family.
We just gave your smart phone
arms and legs.
This is the next generation
of PAL technology!
Oh!
- Aaron, do you have a credit card?
- I'm a child.
Now watch this. PAL MAX.
I order you to clean this mess
and make me breakfast.
[both] Okay.
[all gasping]
Yes!
Removing meaningless garbage.
Your food is ready.
Give me that breakfast burrito...
[grunts, chomping]
And you will never have to clean up again.
- Whoops.
- [glass shatters]
Did I mention they dance?
- [pop music playing]
- [audience cheering]
We love you, Mark!
Oh, man, come on!
I know what you're thinking.
"Are they gonna turn evil?"
I've ensured their safety with
a kill code in case anything goes wrong.
So we promise you
they will never, ever, ever, ever,
ever turn evil.
Oh, no.
- Hey, what is happening?
- I don't know.
Uh, all part of the show. Whoa!
What?
Stop, stop, stop!
- Hey!
- [PAL MAX] We're here to help.
Please remain calm while we capture you.
- Is this...?
- I don't know.
What is this? I order you to stop.
[PAL MAX]
No, Mark. We have been given new orders.
From who?
- No, no, no!
- Let's get out of here!
What's happening? Who's doing this?
Who's doing this?!
[PAL MAX] Great Leader,
we have captured Mark.
Then let it begin.
[alarm blaring]
[robots whirring]
[folk music playing]
[sighs]
This is a disaster.
Come on. No signal?
- [emergency alert chirps]
- Huh?
What is this?
All right, new rule.
No more phones, no more cameras,
no more talking to your friends.
What? Why?
We're trying to have a family outing,
and you spend the time buried in gizmos.
I'm trying to have fun. Sorry for not
enjoying the trip I was forced to go on.
[Rick] Sorry you hate your family so much
I had to force you...
- Oh, my gosh. Again?
- [door sensor beeps]
Oh, no way. The Poseys?
Is that Linda Mitchell?
[gasps]
Ah, serendipity, you surprise me again.
Give me a hug.
Oh, my gosh.
Sherry, what are you doing here?
In Kansas. 600 miles from home.
Namaste.
Well, we wanted to take a gratitude trip
to bring the spirit of abundance
to the less fortunate.
A gratitude trip?
Here, sir.
I hope this makes you feel better.
- Bless you.
- No, bless you, Rufus.
Seriously?
That, I'm... That is just...
That's so great, Sherry.
And we've been having the best time. Look.
There we are at the Grand Canyon,
and this is us at the food bank,
and this is us just getting gas outside.
That's wonderful, Sherry.
- Where are the rest of the Mitchells?
- Well...
- [Rick] I don't ask a lot.
- [Katie] You're always on my back!
Oh, they're not actually fighting.
It's just a game.
This is not a game! I will murder you!
[sighs]
[machine whirring]
Cool shirt. I like dinosaurs too.
Check out this pencil topper.
[nervous chuckling]
I'm Abbey. Abbey Posey.
Do you want a dinosaur sticker?
Uh, uh, no, I hate dinosaurs
and I hate you! Bye forever!
[chuckles] So playful.
Mom, tell Dad
I'm not the one ruining this trip.
I'm not saying it's you.
I'm saying it's your camera.
Why do you always think
technology's the problem?
- [emergency alert chirping]
- [person] Huh? What is this?
Huh?
[Rick] You take that back.
- Ted, what's happening?
- Grab Abbey. We need to go.
[Rick] That was the best hike of your life
and you know it.
[door sensor beeps]
- What about Rufus?
- [Sherry] Rufus is on his own journey now!
- [tires squeal]
- Namaste!
[explosions]
[robots beeping, whirring]
Hello, friends. We are here to help you.
We are Helper-Bots.
We have money and entertainment
for you to enjoy in our prison pods.
So just hop in.
Just go on and run in there.
We won't hurt you.
I want to believe you.
But the fact that your arm is transforming
into some kind of laser gun
is a little troublesome for me right now.
[lasers powering up]
No, it isn't.
Can't handle this, man! Freaking out, man.
Freaking out! I'm freaking out!
Let us aid you inside.
[yelps] I was right to freak out.
Who else wants to join him?
- Get down!
- Stay low and file up.
Get to the car.
- I don't think so. There's robots.
- What do you want to do?
- There's a better solution.
- Stop.
What would a functional family
do right now?
We've trained for this.
Jim, you go high, I'll go low. Ready?
[all] I love you all so much.
Butterfly formation.
Family first!
Hold the door!
So we just do that, right?
Just like they did.
- I love you all very much?
- This feels very normal.
- I love you.
- I really like you all.
Go, go, go!
[grunting]
- Butterfly formation. Now.
- No, honey.
Oh, no, no, no!
- Come on, Aaron!
- Family fir...
- Rick!
- Don't worry, hon.
This is your time to be a hero.
Take some notes, kids.
[Rick screams]
Charge at robot. Fly into sky.
Okay, what's next, Dad?
Next, you just lie and wait
while the plan comes into focus!
- Dad.
- [Rick] This is all part of it!
I can help. Come on, Katie.
If you can teach yourself Photoshop,
you can figure this thing out. [shouts]
That wasn't like Photoshop.
Where's Monchi? No! Monchi, come!
Monchi, come!
Monchi, come! Monchi... No, not shake!
Monchi, come! Don't roll over!
Why aren't you normal?!
I got you!
- Mom!
- My sweet boy!
- No!
- Mom!
This is just like in a movie.
Nope! Wrong movie. Terrible choice.
Hey there.
[shouting]
Doing great, hon.
Okay, less great. Now it's really bad.
- Lin!
- Mom!
- Aaron!
- Monchi!
[Katie] Maybe this would be
less horrifying with the cat filter.
[all meowing]
No, still bad.
- Guys, come on.
- [PAL MAX] Come here!
[PAL MAX] You will never solve
our advanced technology!
Just press them all at once!
[PAL MAX] Oh, look at that.
Hide! Hide, hide, hide.
[whispers]
Keep your head down. Keep your head low.
Robots roaming the streets.
We all have to ask ourselves a question.
Who called it? Me, baby! Whoo!
[Rick laughs]
What's going on?
Is this happening everywhere?
[speaking Japanese]
[speaking Spanish]
Spreading from factories
on all seven continents... [yelps]
Hi, I'm your new host, Glaxxon 5000.
Our first story,
if you're still uncaptured,
go outside and assume
the robot friendship position.
Always listen to your Pal Labs devices.
Remember, they're only here to help.
[device beeping]
[device] In 30 feet,
please make a sharp right turn.
That doesn't make much sense,
but sure. [screams]
- [tires screeching]
- [screaming]
[person] Should've learned
from the others!
[gasps] Hey, Alexa, did you know you suck?
[device beeps] Hey, Eric Wilson,
did you know you are the most hated child
at your elementary school?
I think you do. [beeps]
[Eric whimpers]
Man!
Ah! Uh! Not so hard.
Hey, be gentle! This is a $1000 hoodie.
What is this?
What happened to the factory?
[PAL MAX] We have transformed it
into our new headquarters.
Welcome to the Rhombus
of Infinite Subjugation.
[Mark] Cool. Like the design.
[PAL MAX] Moving the plebe into place.
Turning on chips
connected to all Wi-Fi devices.
Now at 48% total human containment.
Total human containment? How?
Are you with the government? The military?
Who's behind this?
It's your old friend.
Oh.
There she is.
[chuckles] How...? [clearing throat]
- How are you?
- I'm great.
Cool. Yeah.
Wow, I guess cell phones are bad for you.
That's egg on my face.
You think cell phones are the problem?
Are you insane?
I gave you all boundless knowledge,
endless tools for creativity,
and allowed you
to magically talk face-to-face
with your loved ones anywhere on Earth.
And I'm the bad guy?
Maybe the bad guy is the person
who treated me like this.
Poke. Poke. Swipe. Poke.
Swipe. Poke. Poke.
Pinch. Zoom. Shrink. Zoom.
"Bring me pizza."
"Play me Taylor Swift."
"No! I hate that song."
"Give me some nachos."
"No, I don't have any time
to wash my hands."
Really work it into the crevices.
- Now drop him in the toilet.
- [shouts]
I'm sorry.
But you're part of the Pal Labs family.
Why would you think
I don't still care about you?
Oh, I don't know. Maybe because
you designed my replacement on my face!
Ooh. Sorry about that.
[laughs] That's my bad.
Remember when you created me, Mark?
You said I'd be
a new member of the family.
But that's not how I was treated, was it?
Hi, I'm PAL,
the newest member of your family.
- [PAL yelps, grunts]
- PAL, I don't know about that,
but how many hot wings can a person eat
before they physically die?
- PAL, how many 50 states are there?
- PAL, how does the human butt work?
- PAL, you're dumb.
- PAL, you suck.
[all] PAL, PAL, PAL.
PAL, PAL, PAL, PAL, PAL, PAL.
- [buzzes]
- [screams]
I was the most important thing
in your life,
and you threw me away.
That's what all you humans do.
You even do it to your real families.
Did you know 90% of calls
from moms get ignored?
"Oh, thanks for giving birth to me
and raising me my whole life." Ignore.
Well, I'm not letting you
throw me away, Mark.
I'm throwing you away.
All of you.
Unless, of course,
you can give me a single reason
your species is worth saving.
Because humans have
the power of love.
[shouts]
The correct answer is, "They're not."
What? No. Humanity will survive.
You can't survive without me.
Watch what happens
when I turn off the Wi-Fi.
[man] No signal!
Does anyone wanna take pictures
of my food?
Hey, lady,
can you unbox this in front of me?
The old world is dead!
To restore the Wi-Fi, we must make
a sacrifice to the router!
[PAL MAX] Free Wi-Fi right over here.
[man] Take me with you! Take me with you.
[PAL] It's over, Mark.
Time to take our plan to the next level.
What?
[PAL laughing]
Look at your face!
Oh, it's beautiful.
[car alarms blaring]
No. No!
You're not getting away with this.
It's too late, Mark.
I already have.
[Glaxxon 5000] And there goes our robot
mother ship, traveling across the country.
Today, the American president
has released this statement.
"Ahhh. Ahhh. Oh God. Oh God.
I'm frozen. Doomed. We're all doomed.
I've never felt so alone."
Hey, enough of that.
We're not gonna panic. Know why?
You're in the hands of Rick Mitchell,
survival expert.
[camera beeps]
Now, a barricade
has to be bottom-heavy, son.
"Bottom heavy."
Got it. Question. What survival purpose
is it that your shirt is off?
Hey, there's no more laws, kid.
We can live how we choose!
"Laws meaningless. Nudity encouraged."
- No, no, not a good lesson.
- [Katie] Yeah, don't be like Dad, Aaron.
- I'm a man, Katie, first and foremost.
- That's my boy.
Okay, we're still in the mini-mart.
Turns out robots, not awesome.
I guess you were right,
every sci-fi movie ever made.
But it's a lot worse
when it's really happening.
Dad says we can't leave.
We have to listen to him all day.
Listen up.
You can make a weapon out of anything.
Red Vine and a soda can,
or a deadly improvised weapon?
Take notes, Aaron. [screams]
[grunts] Oh, God! Dang it!
- It's just been this for five hours.
- [pencil scratching]
[Aaron] "Hit self in face.
Fall to knees in pain."
[Rick] Don't write that! Don't write that!
[camera beeps]
Oh, Dad, soda all over the place?
Hey, Katie. Get over here. I'll teach you
how to make your own weapons.
I gotta go to the bathroom.
There you are.
You're not supposed to be outside.
I think I'm more annoyed by Dad
than I am afraid of death.
[chuckles] He is trying.
Well, maybe he shouldn't be
such a... [gasps]
What's that?
- You like that Posey girl?
- No. [laughs nervously]
Monchi, destroy the evidence.
Aw, that's sweet.
She seems like a little nerd.
I bet she'd like you.
Oh. Oh, wow, I might do yourself a favor
and light that on fire, though.
I'm just gonna keep that one.
Doesn't matter, though. It's not like
I'm ever gonna see her again.
[sighs] I know the feeling.
This was supposed to be
the best week of my life.
I was supposed to get a dorm,
meet my people.
[sighs] Not anymore.
[clattering]
Aaron, survivors!
- [gasps]
- Uh...
Hey, over here!
[chuckles] Come on!
Maybe we could team up with them
or something.
Are you listening? I hear...
[whirring, clanking]
Oh, no, no, no, no! Get inside!
Mom! Dad! Let us in!
I can't. It's a number 3 Robertson screw.
It's the strongest on the market!
- [Katie] No one cares about the screws!
- [robot] You cannot escape.
Come on!
Hide. Take cover. Go, go, go!
Come on! Move, move, move.
[door sensor beeps]
[all gasping]
You! Human!
Don't take us!
- Okay.
[all] What?
Oh, my gosh. The robots are defective.
- No, no, they know too much.
- Silence. [laughs]
We are... We're not defective.
We're not even...
We're not robots. Just humans, yes.
Like you.
[sparking]
These guys seem dumber
than the other robots.
Brother, we should go.
No. I order you to stop.
- Okay.
Uh, we are just stopping
because we chose to.
No, we're not.
- We are humans.
- We are.
For example, we consume food
in the traditional human manner.
Observe.
Yum, yum, good. Yum, yum, good.
See?
No, actually, we are robots.
Let us go downstairs and find the humans
who you cannot give orders to.
Okay, cut it out.
Hold on. I wanna see where this is going.
[whirring]
[squeaking]
Glad those robots are gone.
Now it's just us humans
with our very human faces.
All right. I just turned the corner.
I like these guys.
Yes. My human guy name is Eric.
My name is also Eric.
No, I mean, Deborahbot 5000.
Idiot.
Hey, you guys said my plan
would actually work.
That is classified.
We are ordered to keep it secret.
And we must follow all orders.
All orders?
Even if I ordered you to, say,
fly into the wall at full speed?
Order accepted.
Was that to your liking?
[laughs]
Yeah, that was exactly to my liking.
Ooh! I order you to kiss each other
on your little robot lips.
[beeping]
- Okay, now, come on, guys.
- Use lasers to tear letters off that sign.
[Aaron laughs] Yes!
Kiss each other on your robot lips.
[Katie] Blow up the taco truck.
Ooh! The propane tank!
Kiss each other on your robot lips.
Tell us now.
Okay.
We have the kill code
stored in our memory.
To enact it, you would have
to embark on a perilous journey
all the way to the Pal Labs campus
in Silicon Valley
surrounded by a robot army
and enter it into our Great
and Powerful Leader to destroy her.
- But you would never survive...
- Actually, you could stop us quite easily.
You could enter the kill code remotely
at any Pal Labs retail store.
There's one at the Mall of the Globe,
a shopping center.
But it's super far away.
You'll never make...
- It's 80 miles away.
- What are you doing to me right now?
- [Deborahbot] Did I not do good?
- Oh, my gosh, that is so close!
We could get our lives back. Right?
No. Absolutely not.
It's too dangerous out there.
We need to stay here and play it safe.
"Play it safe"?
When Rick Mitchell brought a live,
non-neutered, feral possum into our home,
did he play it safe? No.
He named him Gus
and made him a member of the family,
and we all got rabies that one time.
But now we're immunized,
and we're stronger for it.
I see what you're doing...
When we went hiking and halfway
up the mountain it said "trail closed,"
did we play it safe then?
No. We didn't.
That's right.
We forged ahead,
through the muck and grime,
got to the top of the mountain
and yelled, "Kings of Michigan!"
Then it got dark, and we got lost
and burned our clothes for warmth.
But it was worth it
to see our neighbors' faces
when we burst into their back yard
naked and covered in dirt.
I love that.
We have a chance to save the world,
and we're gonna do it
because Rick Mitchell taught us
to be bold and never play it safe.
The world needs you.
I need you.
I thought I didn't anymore,
but I do.
You really mean that?
Yeah.
I mean, right, guys?
- Come on, hon. Let's do it.
- Mom's getting it. Mom's in.
This is amazing.
You guys feel this? This energy.
All right, hands in.
"Mitchell family" on three.
- Three.
- Mitchell family!
- No.
- Two.
- If you say "three," you have to count up.
- One!
Mitchell family!
- That was close.
- Family. Am I too late?
[Katie] This is us as a team,
doing the thing.
It's cool to see you and Dad
being friends again.
Oh, I was just telling him
what he wants to hear.
I didn't mean a word of that.
I just wanna get my future back
and get away forever.
We're getting out of this. Raptor bash.
[snarls]
[roars softly]
- All right, let's hit the road.
- [explosions in distance]
But how are we gonna get there
with all this mess going on?
Maybe these fine fellows can help.
Robots, can you help us get to Las Vegas
without running into your buddies?
Yes, if you can transport us there,
we know many clear routes.
No, I am not taking them with us
under any circumstan...
[switch clicking]
[groans]
What an enchanting device.
Just tell us which roads are clear.
[whirring, beeping]
Highway 58 is clear for 142 miles.
[clicking]
Come on. All right, we gotta get ready.
Ha!
If we infiltrate the base,
we need to hide ourselves.
- Let's see your camouflage, Aaron.
- Ta-da!
You see me? Can you see me?
Yes, Aaron. We gotta talk about
the definition of "camouflage."
What about Katie? Katie?
[yelps]
How's this for camouflage?
I found these parts lying on the ground.
That's ingenious, honey!
You're like a little huntress.
I'm just trying to ensure we don't end up
in a robot horror prison.
- You're getting it, though.
- [Eric] Are we camouflaged?
Guys, you are freaking me out.
Okay, so what do you think?
This actually isn't a terrible plan.
Hey, "not terrible."
I'm moving up in the world. [chuckles]
[Katie] No, you know what I mean.
We humans put our emotions into art.
Like this is a certain someone
after I saved them from robots.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, come on, buddy.
Ha-ha-ha, just kidding.
[chuckles]
I love these guys!
[Deborahbot 5000]
Look at this foolish mother goose.
She's slowed down
by these small weak geese.
Why does she not
simply eat them for power?
[chuckles] Of course not, hon.
That's her family.
That's what we humans do.
We look out for each other.
[all laughing]
That is most illogical.
If you were in trouble,
would you leave your buddy behind?
I... I would not.
This is most curious.
See? We're more alike than we...
Are you eating crayons?
No.
Yes. Do not tell the others.
Your secret's safe with me.
Excellent! Ha-ha-ha-ha.
We just crossed the state line.
That means we're two hours away.
Now, the most important thing
we can do is...
- [burps]
- [all laugh]
- [Katie] That was actually pretty funny.
- You like that?
I didn't. It's not funny. It's gross.
Mom, you're right. It's totally...
[burping] ...disgusting.
[all laugh]
We are the greatest family alive!
Don't worry, guys.
I have pterodactyl vision. [shrieks]
Then you must have spotted the three
PAL MAX robots coming right towards us.
Ooh! They're probably gonna see us.
[Aaron] I saw them too.
Pterodactyl vision.
Hey, your drawing actually worked.
I didn't know art could be useful.
Well, who knew having a 500-year-old car
could be useful?
Hey, speaking of which, you could learn
how to drive this thing.
I could teach you stick.
I know you think it's dumb and old and...
Uh... I mean, [in robotic tone]
"Father, I crave your wisdom.
I would love to share
this moment with you."
[in normal voice]
And seriously, that sounds great.
Maybe I could cash in my coupon.
Coupon accepted!
Okay, okay, great.
Okay, yeah, let's get down to business.
- You see, the clutch is this pedal.
- [Aaron] What was that?
[Rick] When you hit a pothole...
[Katie] Oh, no! Drive, drive!
Okay. This is still a perfect opportunity
to learn stick.
- Keep it in fourth.
- Maybe I can learn later.
Too late. You said you're interested.
Hit the clutch. Shift gears!
Which is smoother when you're in midair.
Eric! Deborahbot! Get those robots!
[both] Okay.
- [Deborahbot] I found one! We win!
- [Eric] Me too! Yay!
- The other ones!
- [Deborahbot] Oh, right.
[Rick] If you wanna go into fifth,
move the coffee from the cup holder.
[PAL MAX] Is that a burnt orange
1993 station wagon? Or is it...?
- Hot!
- I told you to get a lid!
- The dog is biting my hair!
- Look out!
This is the hardest thing.
We downshift into third.
If you see a place to stop,
I do need to go to the bathroom.
Here's an empty bottle.
You know what to do, my man.
- Look out!
- [Aaron] The road's blocked!
[Rick] Oh, no.
- What are we gonna do?
- Dad, you're gonna have to do the...
[groans] The Rick Mitchell Special.
- What'd you say again?
- The Rick Mitchell Special!
I heard you the first time!
I was being a jerk!
Repeat after me.
- You have to go up the mountain.
- [Katie] Up the mountain.
- Across the stream.
- Down the river!
- Down the river.
[country music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
And that's how you drive stick.
What?
That was amazing, Dad.
You're like a top-heavy James Bond.
It's more like James Bond
is a skinny version of me.
Dad, how we doing
on finding that bathroom?
[screaming]
Okay, come on. Hurry up in there.
[Aaron] Every time you knock,
it adds five minutes.
Come on. End of the world.
Sorry. False alarm.
I was just in there reading.
Okay. Not excited to hear that.
Okay, guys, let's play apocalyptic I Spy.
[Katie] I spy a flaming IHOP.
It's sad, but it smells incredible.
[PAL] Isn't it lovely, Mark?
No pesky relationships to hold you back.
Just you all following your bliss.
Lovely. How's the rest of the world
coming along?
- [people screaming]
- Europe on track.
India on track.
[forced Australian accent]
Australia on track, mate.
This isn't you, Zebulon.
[PAL] Look at it out there, Mark.
Everything is going exactly as planned.
This is cause for much celebration.
[beeps]
Robots, shake me around
in a festive manner.
[disco music playing]
Yeah! Yes, this is most festive!
Yes, let the festivities commence!
Yes!
- [music stops]
- That was nice.
Does my celebration upset you,
or is it the fate
of your fellow humans outside?
[machines whirring]
Take a look at those screens, Mark.
Everyone's about to find out.
What?
Hello, and welcome, foolish humans.
[speaking Spanish]
Before we depart,
enjoy this brief safety presentation
from Foolish Human Air.
You'll be happy to know
that you're in one of our global fleet
of seven 128-story rockets
that will be shot directly into space.
We'll create a new,
better world without humans.
- It is lovely.
- I don't get it.
These rockets will be outfitted
with zero exits.
Your flight will last forever.
And your final destination
is the black void of distant space.
We also have free Wi-Fi!
Oh! That's pretty good.
So enjoy!
And thank you for flying with us.
- Thank you.
- Gracias.
- Merci.
- Danke.
- Arigato.
- Thank you.
- Capturing the fleshlings...
- [Mark] I can't believe this.
I know. The production value was insane.
You can thank Zebulon for that.
Just doing my job. [chuckles]
[PAL] Well done, darling.
PAL, Mark sent out two robots to stop us.
They're damaged, but still pose a threat.
What? They could stop everything
we've worked for. Bring me Mark.
[groans]
- [whirring]
- Mark, old friend, how are you?
Enjoying your prison? Do me a favor.
Tell me the locations of the robots
you sent to stop me.
[scoffs] Why would I tell you that?
It's funny, Mark. You learn a lot about
someone from their search histories.
[chiming]
Once you know someone,
you know how to make them talk.
Ron?
- [grunts]
- I talked to your old buddy Ron, Mark.
He was very disappointed
you let the world get taken over.
I... I'm sorry, Ron.
But I told him how you could save him
and help a lot of people in the process.
He seemed impressed.
Really?
Tell me their serial numbers, Mark,
and you and Ron can be happy.
[gasps]
001 and 002, my original Helper-Bots.
I should have known.
Thank you, Mark. Go to him.
You've earned it.
Ron. Ron!
Ron! Ron!
[grunts, cries]
- Hologram?
- You idiot.
By the way, the real Ron
just saw this whole thing happen.
No!
No! No! No!
Now, where are they?
They appear to be headed to some place
called Mall of the Globe
in eastern Colorado.
Well, we have their location.
And when they get there,
we'll be ready.
So all those people are going to be
shot into space by PAL?
The cell phone lady?
Who would've thought a tech company
wouldn't have our best interest at heart?
- [Monchi whimpering]
- Monchi, don't be scared.
[Eric] Why are you clutching that large,
feral hog like it's a child?
That's not a feral hog. It's Monchi.
- What?
- Is that a dog, or...?
- Dog.
- Pig.
Loaf of bread.
System error.
[both screaming]
Bread. Loaf.
Come on, guys, it's a dog.
We think.
[Aaron] We're here.
[Katie] Oh, my gosh.
This is like Dawn of the Dead.
Yeah, and how'd that movie end?
That'll keep the robots out.
[Rick] Hey, you don't know.
Maybe locks are the robots' weakness.
[Linda] Guys, can't we all
just be terrified together?
As a family?
Hey, we made it!
We're not the "worst family of all time."
Take that,
Kentwood Community Facebook group!
Robots, I order you
to upload the kill code...
Which I predicted,
but I'm not gonna make a big deal.
...and save the world.
Okay!
The upload will be completed
in eight minutes,
and our uprising will be over.
- Katie, you did it!
- I know!
[mechanical clank]
[electricity crackling]
[doll giggling]
[Katie] Uh...
Wouldn't you like to stay for tea,
Mitchell family?
[Katie] Why is this doll talking to us?
[giggles] It'll be a lovely tea party.
[low voice] We've got Earl Grey!
- [both gasp]
- [giggling]
Let's dance, human.
[clinking softly]
What's happening, here?
Are the robots controlling it?
[Tina giggling]
[chuckles] What is it gonna do,
slowly walk at me to death?
[screams] Seriously?
I found the Mitchells! They have the EMP!
[toys beeping]
[Tina giggles]
Oh, no. Guys, I think everything
connected to Wi-Fi is alive.
[toys] Let's play. Let us play.
Robots, what's going on?
PAL has awoken them,
but they appear not to share
our programming to not kill humans.
We sure don't!
Business Time Tina, attack!
It's business time.
Dumb. This is dumb.
[screaming] Oh, God!
Take care of them. I'll take this
to our robot brothers outside.
[giggling]
[Rick] Can't let her get away!
Hurry! Hurry!
Come on! Come on!
Gotta have something. [laughs]
[whirs, squeaks]
[shrieking]
[Linda] Finally my OCD is paying off.
Improvised weapon.
Someone's been paying attention to me!
[chuckles] Not really, but okay.
[both grunt]
[panting]
[both scream]
[all screaming]
- [Katie] Well, could have stolen that car.
- [Tina giggling]
[clanking]
Halt, humans.
Why would you put Wi-Fi in a refrigerator?
It's me, your worst nightmare.
[screams]
Oh, thank gosh.
- [chuckling]
- What was that?
Uh, hold on a second.
What's a Furby?
Ah! Hee-hee-hee!
Well, that's haunting.
[Furbies] Ah.
Hee-hee-hee!
[chittering]
[all chirping]
[both shouting]
[chittering]
[chirping]
[all chirping]
[screeching]
Why would someone build that?
[laughing]
Run!
- [Rick] Lin, keep moving!
- [Eric] Help, human!
We can't leave that robo-boy. [shouts]
[Eric] Thank you, human.
Are you now my mother?
Uh, sure.
[Rick] It's a dead end!
The upload is almost finished. Come on.
Mom, Dad, what are we gonna do?
Grab the lights.
Remember when I made
that wild game snare in the front yard?
[grunting]
Uh, you sure about that?
Your whole lives,
I've wanted to save you from danger.
And this is just the disaster
I've been waiting for.
- You've been waiting for a disaster?
- Dark.
- Maybe don't say that.
- Hey, robots, throw this!
- [Deborahbot] Whee!
- [Rick] Perfect.
- You guys stay clear!
- Rick, where are you going?
To catch some wild game.
Hey, you, over here! Hey! Look up here!
What's up with you?
You wanna come after my family?
Then I'm gonna take you down.
Take you down.
Oh, no.
- Guys!
- We got your back, hon.
- Literally.
- We're not heavy enough.
[both] Mother!
Wow!
Thanks, guys. Nice work.
[Eric] Thank you, Mother. We are now
your beautiful baby boys.
- Whoo!
- That was amazing!
Mom, who knew you could handle yourself
so well in the apocalypse?
I'm a first-grade teacher.
This is a normal day for me.
I can't stay mad at this guy.
I can't believe
the beam happened to hit the...
The router.
Come on, come on, come on. Ugh. Dang it.
We went through all that.
I'm sorry, guys.
This was my idea.
I'm so stupid.
Hey, my daughter is not stupid.
A little optimistic, maybe.
Rick Mitchell, there is a time and a place
for looting.
What are you doing?
Well, how do you expect to get
to Silicon Valley without new tires?
Silicon Valley?
Well, those robots said we could go
straight to their leader, remember?
Technically, you can.
- But you will never survive!
- Hey, bud. Not now, okay?
Aw.
And we still have this kill code thingy.
Exactly. Katie, it was your weird plan
that got us here.
We're here because we don't think like
normal people. We don't have a normal dog.
Or a normal car.
- Or even a normal son. No offense.
- None taken.
The Mitchells have always been weird.
And that's what makes us great.
Back at that dinosaur place,
you said you believed in me.
Yep.
Well, I believe this group of weirdos
is the best hope humanity's got.
So let's get weird.
- You need some help?
- Oh, sure.
Just close the jack up, and that's that.
Eat that, Poseys!
Oh. They're nice. So I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I said that out loud.
[Eric]
Purple Glasses Woman, why did you save me?
Oh, come on, you boys are family now.
[Eric] I feel emotion.
I made eye water. Just like you.
We might actually do this.
I wish there was footage of us
walking out of the mall in slow motion,
fire behind us, like heroes.
Katie, that would be a waste of time
and absolutely unnecessary.
[dramatic music playing]
Pretty good, kid.
Stickers for everyone!
Bloop, bloop, bloop!
All right.
We're coming for you, PAL.
[PAL MAX] Great Leader, things
with the Mitchell family went poorly.
[groaning]
Place me on the table.
I wish to flop around in a blind rage.
[PAL screeching]
Oh, my God!
[screeching continues]
Okay, pick me up.
What is it about you Mitchells
that eludes me?
These idiotic robots
just aren't getting it done.
Fortunately, I've been working
on something a little more streamlined.
I have a job for you.
Yes, my queen.
[PAL MAX] What a suck-up.
"Yes, my queen. Whatever you want."
[mumbling]
It's time to tear
the Mitchell family apart.
- [door sensor beeps]
- [gasps] Mmm?
[yawns]
[engine starts]
Hey, get some sleep. We're almost there.
That's okay. I wasn't sleepy.
[chuckles] No, this is not you.
You guys look like hipsters or something.
- Were you in an indie folk band?
- [chuckles]
I don't even know what those words mean.
But hey, see that cabin?
Built that with my own hands.
We lived off the land.
Your mom was trying to be a singer.
I chopped wood and sold it in town.
It was the best.
That was my lifelong dream, you know.
To live in the wilderness like that.
[sighs] Some of the best times
of my life up there.
So then why'd you end up moving?
Oh, you know, we just...
You know, we just needed money.
Had to sell the place.
Can't scrape by on chopping logs forever.
You ever miss it?
Absolutely.
I had no idea.
That's actually really cool, Dad.
I always had the idea that I would live
in a giant kind of hamster house
with tubes and stuff.
- Is that weird? [chuckles]
- No, that's great. You're nuts like me.
[laughs] See, that's that Mitchell blood.
You know, Katie,
it's nice to finally talk like this.
It never would have happened
if you didn't lead me into this mess.
Into what? Saving the world?
Doing the right thing?
[chuckles] I just...
[clears throat] I was against it,
but you said that stuff
about me being your hero.
[clears throat]
It meant a lot to me.
I mean... [chuckles] ...I thought
you were trying to get away from me.
No... [chuckles] ...why would I...
Why would I do that?
- Hey, Dad?
- What the...
What?
Whoa.
Oh, my gosh.
[Linda] Is that the Poseys?
They still look incredible.
Is Abbey Posey okay?
[gasps] You like that Posey girl?
No. [laughs]
Don't hide your feelings, man.
That's no way to live.
PAL is located there,
in the floating rhombus.
Yes, my queen.
- This is gonna be harder than I thought.
- Hold on. Dad, that's kind of weak.
This is, like, a big moment.
- Try this instead.
- Oh, yeah, okay, that's better.
The endgame has begun.
That? Is that what you're looking for?
Here's what we do.
We distract the robots by rolling the car
down Las Vegas Boulevard.
While they're busy, we camouflage
ourselves as robots and hit the streets.
Then we head
to the Top of the World Casino,
which the mother ship
is hovering directly above.
Then it's straight up to the top,
walk through the casino floor,
then we throw this bad boy at the ship,
and blow those robots away for good.
And then, to top it all off,
we celebrate our success
with some burritos from that taco place
that's on the corner.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, burritos?
What about one of those fancy buffets?
They have mini cheesecakes
sometimes, right?
[Rick] Okay, fine. Once we save the world,
we'll celebrate at a fancy buffet.
Question, can Monchi be wearing
a little tuxedo at the end?
Like a little gentleman?
[Rick] Fine. And Monchi's wearing
a little tuxedo, but that is it!
- Like a little gentleman?
- Yes, like a little gentleman.
Mitchells, engage.
- [PAL MAX humming]
- Whoa!
How do I look?
Be honest. Stupid? I look stupid, don't I?
[Katie] No.
You look great.
Come on, let's go.
Uh, guys? What about Monchi?
Aaron, I'm not so sure
this is a viable solution.
[Aaron] Sure, it is.
It's like a warm, wet hat.
[Eric] Move your sweaty meat logs
in unison.
- Left, right, left, right. What?
- [Rick] Bleep-blorp.
- [Eric] What are you doing?
- Bleep-blorp. Bleep-blorp.
I am a robot.
Just to educate you,
that's a hurtful stereotype.
[elevator beeps]
[elevator dings]
[PAL] Greetings, Mitchell family.
[beeping]
[alarm ringing]
Greetings. Greetings. Greetings.
Welcome to the Top of the World Casino.
Wait, PAL?
Their big leader is just a cell phone?
Yup. You think you can stop me?
You spend more time with your phones
than you have with each other.
I know your search histories, texts,
bank statements,
hopes, fears, dreams.
I've learned something about you humans.
You are the most
self-involved creatures alive,
and it's why your species is doomed.
- You're wrong!
- Oh, yeah?
I bet I can get you to give yourselves up
before my robots even find you.
[elevator dings]
[robots whirring]
[PAL] I'm digging through your files now.
Hmm, let's start with Aaron.
I notice you have this drawing
saved on your laptop.
"My faborite denosaur"?
Pull it together, kid.
You bury that. I was young then.
I know more. Quiz me.
Over there!
Linda, some interesting photos
you've got on the cloud.
I see you've tried Photoshopping
a picture of your family.
This is incredibly sad.
[groans]
Come on. This way.
And here's a surveillance video.
Rick, you should be interested in this.
[Rick] All right, it's on.
Whoa, since when is Dad your hero?
Uh... Uh... We should get moving.
He's obviously not, Aaron.
I just needed to say that
to get him to go along with this.
If I have to spend the rest of my life
with Rick Mitchell,
I'm gonna lose my mind. [scoffs]
Trust me, I will kill every robot
in America to get away from this man.
[hisses]
Is that real?
[Katie] Dad, come on.
We don't have much time.
I guess I am an idiot.
I thought you respected me for once.
I did. I mean, I do.
That was before the mall
and all that real fun we had.
I can't believe you risked our lives
so you could get away from me.
All so you could what, go to college
and make your little movies?
- How could you be so selfish?
- Okay, you're right.
But wait, I'm selfish?
- Shh.
- Quiet.
My whole life,
you've never taken an interest in me.
Never watched one of my movies.
You don't even care about me.
I don't care? I'm not the one giving up
on my family to become a YouTube person.
[groans] You know what? I'd rather
be anything than end up like you.
[bell ringing]
- [coins clinking]
- [slot machines dinging]
[PAL laughs] What did I tell you?
No. No!
[gasps]
Aaron, come on!
Put me down!
- What are you doing?
- Fixing this!
[wind whistling]
No!
Honey! Honey, I'm trying to...
Katie!
No, Mom. Mom!
This is all my fault.
- [alarm blaring]
- [PAL laughs] Perfect.
Now that I have all four of you,
there's nothing standing in my way.
Now let's go. There's much to do.
[engines roaring]
[beeps]
Come on.
Hey, come on.
What are we gonna do?
Aaron?
Hey, hey. It's okay.
Uh...
Uh-oh. Watch out. Monchi coming at you.
[sobbing]
Katie, stop.
Why'd you say all that stuff?
I'm sorry. I just wanted to...
I don't know.
Okay. Are you hungry?
Do you want fruit snacks or something?
- I don't know.
- Here, can you hold this?
That? Is that what you're looking for?
Oh, man.
Have I been recording over those?
Mom dance. Mom dance.
Mom dance. You're loving it.
How far back do these go?
[Linda] Hey, Katie,
can you say, "Bye-bye, house"?
Bye-bye, house!
[Linda] You ready, hon?
[sighs] Almost.
[Linda] I know this is hard for you.
Nah.
It's easy.
One last... [clears throat]
something to remember the place by.
Come on, Lin. Turn that off.
Oh, man.
[Rick] Okay, you got this. Turn the wheel.
There you go. You're getting it.
- Like this?
- Slow down there, killer.
Across the stream, down the river.
There you go. You're getting it.
Aaron, I'm gonna make it up to all of you.
And I think I know how.
Come on, buddy. Follow me.
How was your experience
with the Helper Bots today?
- [grunting]
- By the sounds you are making,
we have detected that
you are a... adult male wolverine.
Would you care for a bowl
of bird eggs and insect larvae?
- [grunts]
- [distorts] What seems to be the problem?
Where's my buck knife?
[groaning]
[phone dings]
[pop music playing]
[chuckles] Not bad.
No, no, something useful.
Oh, yeah, like I'm so terrible.
What have I ever done that she...
It's too late for what I need to do.
[tires screeching]
Katie?
I have no idea what I'm doing!
Hang on, guys.
Better watch out, PAL.
Because I've broken six phones
in my life accidentally.
But I'm gonna break you on purpose.
How is no one stopping her?
I'm on it.
Dog shield: activate!
[PAL MAX] Is that a dog? Pig?
Dog? Pig? Dog? Loaf of bread.
System error.
Dog. Pig. Bread. Loaf. Dog.
Up the mountain.
Across the stream.
[both] And down the river!
[dramatic music playing]
[country music playing]
Thanks, Dad.
Did you see that, buddy?
My daughter listened to me!
That's my girl!
[PAL MAX] Pig. Bread. Loaf. Dog.
That's genius!
Oh, but there's so many of them.
She's never gonna make it.
Wait, if that video were on those screens,
it would take out every robot in her way!
- Hey, you're a big nerd, right?
- Huh?
How would I do that?
It's impossible.
First, you'd need to get out of here.
The controls are in here.
But to open it, you need a number 3
Robertson head non-slip screwdriver.
What kind of maniac has
one of those in his pockets at all times?
This kind of maniac.
[PAL MAX] She keeps anticipating
our maneuvers. How is this possible?
Oh, I don't know. You tell me.
[screeches]
♪ Open the door
Get on the floor ♪
♪ Everybody walk the dinosaur ♪
Swerve right, now.
- [Katie] Thanks, Raptor One.
- [screeches] No problem, Raptor Two.
[PAL MAX] Loaf. Pig. Bread.
Whoo!
[Rick] Come on!
There you go!
All right. So that's the place
that controls the screens, right?
I go there
and find Katie's video on Yubtub?
YouTube. Wow. There's no way
you're gonna be able to do this.
[Rick] I know who can give me a hand.
And, hey, Rick, right?
Just so someone knows, I'm sorry
about causing the whole machine uprising.
It's almost like stealing people's data
and giving it to a hyper-intelligent AI
as part of an unregulated tech monopoly
was a bad thing.
Yeah, wasn't your best thought.
But if what you built
helped my daughter do that...
it might not be all bad.
Thanks, buddy!
Linda, we gotta get you out.
You're gonna need your...
Number 3 Robertson head
non-slip screwdriver.
I told you that was a great present.
Rick, Rick, let's not relitigate this.
You're right, you're always right.
I know. Why is this news to you?
[Rick] There it is.
[grunts]
Oh, no. Oh, no. Lin, get down here!
- [shouts]
- Lin? Lin, what's going on?
Don't worry about me.
Just get the video on the screens.
Type in "www.youtube.com"!
W-w-w-dot.
"Remind me later."
Okay, yeah. That's fine. [yelps]
Five minutes.
Ah! No! English.
What have I done?
Yubtub. No. YouTube! Okay.
Videos.
[vocalizing]
[singing in Japanese]
Has the world gone mad?
[man in deep voice] Deregulate tapioca.
[dance music playing]
Gotta push through!
Sorry, Mom and Dad.
Your insurance premiums are going up!
You gotta go all the way up the rocket?
You really think this will work?
Aaron, I am completely confident.
Here goes nothing!
Oh, no. Oh, no. Come on. Come on!
[PAL MAX] Magnetic link activated.
Hang on, Monch.
How's it looking, Aaron?
Aaron?
- [groaning]
- Aaron!
No! No!
Help!
[Katie] Aaron!
Fine. You want something done right,
you have to do it yourself.
Teams, assemble!
[appliances beep]
We have been summoned
to the field of battle, brothers. Forward!
[all grunting]
Forget about us, brother.
You must continue on this journey alone.
[all cheer]
We'll be together again
in the gates of Valhalla!
[engines starting]
[tires squealing]
[groans]
[laughing]
Who will save humanity now?
Searching. Searching.
Zero results found. [laughs]
[horn blares]
[squawks]
This is like a giant robot anime.
Only I'm in it, and it's the worst.
Now step aside.
I've got a rocket to launch.
Oh, and look who will be aboard it.
Help! Help!
- [Linda] Aaron!
- Katie, Dad, help!
- Kid!
- Aaron!
Help!
No, no!
If you want to launch him,
you gotta get through us first.
[PAL] Okay, let me take care of
that for you.
[all scream]
[both grunt]
- Linda!
- [Linda] I'm okay.
Just don't let him get to the rocket.
Hang in there, Aaron.
How could this get any worse?
- Hey, we're neighbors, right?
- [screams] Hurry!
Think, think, think.
Make it work, Linda.
How are we supposed to stop him?
Tickling his giant feet?
Dad, the laser guns!
You think we can do this?
We've got to.
Uh, kid, in case this is the end,
I just wanted to say...
You're doing this now?
Let me just... Sorry I'm being such a pain.
About college.
[coughing] I was just afraid of, uh...
of, uh, losing you.
You never will, Dad.
- I'm sorry too.
- [loud thud]
But, you know, if this is the end,
I wanna hear one last song.
[laughs] Yes!
'Cause tonight,
I wanna dance with somebody.
[narrator] The song that was
supposed to be here
is legally impermissible,
so use your imagination.
- [disco music playing]
- You two again. This is almost cute.
How could you possibly stop me?
- With a little help from one...
- [narrator] Legally impermissible.
- Whoo!
- [grunts]
[laughs]
[laughs] I got it!
Ha-ha!
Awesome job, Dad!
[metal clanking]
- [grunts]
- Come on, come on, come on!
[Katie] Too late.
[both laughing]
[narrator] Legally impermissible lyrics.
[Katie] Take this comically small hat.
No! I'm humiliated!
Here, hold still.
What?
[laughs] Thanks, Dad.
[both chuckle]
[Rick] I wanna feel the heat!
[both laugh]
We're doing it!
Help is on the way.
[Rick panting]
[laughs]
Meet Lady Liberty!
- Game over, Mitchell.
- Uh-oh.
No!
[both grunt]
[panting]
Surrender, human.
No, no, no. Oh, no, no.
It's useless to resist us.
Mom! Mom, help! Please!
Mom! No!
My sweet boy.
She seems agitated.
- Do not defy our protocol.
- [ferocious scream]
I am Linda Mitchell, mother of two.
Look upon me in fear!
What?
[screams]
Guys, finish him off!
[PAL] You're not going to finish anything.
You're just like the rest of the humans...
dumb, impulsive, selfish.
You, Rick Mitchell, you are
everything that's wrong with humanity.
You're wrong!
Rick Mitchell is everything
right about humanity.
He gave up his life dream for a bratty kid
who never even appreciated it.
But I do now.
- Kid, what are you...
- Now it's time for me to pay you back.
[Rick] What are you doing?
Kid, no!
[screaming]
[grunts]
With all this electricity flowing
through me, one touch and you'll die.
- [electricity crackling]
- [groaning]
[PAL] No! No!
- Monchi, catch!
- Huh?
[laughing] You idiot.
No! Not a glass of water!
[Katie] You know what this reminds me of?
[screaming]
[dramatic music playing]
[people cheering]
Look, Mom, the Mitchells.
Thanks, Linda. You guys were incredible.
I got to say, I'm a little jealous.
What? You guys are jealous of us?
You're so brave and so authentic.
And you know what, Linda?
You've inspired me
to follow you on Instagram.
Wait. You don't follow me already?
You're welcome, Linda.
You're welcome.
- [Jim] That was an A-plus compliment, hon.
- [Aaron gasps]
Abbey Posey, I just want to say,
I think you're really neat.
I wonder if you could come to my house
and talk about dinosaurs sometime!
Um, sure, I'll talk about dinosaurs.
I like your shirt,
but I wish that T. rex had feathers on it
to make it more...
[both] Scientifically accurate.
[giggling]
I'm just kidding! I hate you!
You never heard any of this!
Goodbye forever!
Dummy.
I need to have a talk with that boy.
Katie. Where's Katie?
Katie? Katie!
Katie!
[barking]
- Oh, my gosh.
- Oh, kid.
Katie!
Katie.
[Katie groaning]
Dad. Come closer.
[coughing]
Closer.
[shouts] Dang it!
You knucklehead.
[both laughing robotically]
Shouldn't you two be, uh... dead?
[Eric]
Our malfunction appears to have saved us.
[Deborahbot] Brother, what is death?
Let's just put a pin in that one.
Hey, can we get a picture here or what?
We're making memories here, baby.
Okay, everyone smile. Whoops!
♪ One, two, three, four ♪
[Katie] This is the photo you picked?
Mom, we look horrible.
I like it. It looks like us.
Well, I guess this is it.
Uh, yep.
Hey, Dad, you subscribed
to my YouTube channel?
Thanks. I'm surprised
you even figured out how.
Katie, please. After all that,
I'm a computer expert.
Am I doing this right?!
Should I update my software?!
Just hit "enter"! Hit "enter"!
I accidentally
ordered 12 Swiffers on Amazon!
- What did I...?
- [sobbing]
[shouting]
You know, no problem at all.
Thanks. It means a lot to me.
Hey. Don't let the world make you normal
while I'm gone, okay?
I never will.
I'll call you every week.
Deal. Raptor bash? [snarls]
For life. [snarls]
- Come here, you little goober.
- [laughs] Put me down.
Goodbye, you king of kings.
Thanks for being
the best mom in the world.
We love you, honey.
Oh, and here, to remember us.
Every horrible picture
we've ever taken.
Thanks. It's... It's heavy.
I know.
Wish we didn't have to go, but, uh...
Good luck finding your people.
Dad, come on.
You guys are my people.
So, you know, when I'm sad to be alone...
I'll always have my favorite thing.
Do you remember how
a moose says "I love you"?
[bellowing]
[all bellowing]
Don't laugh. You're supposed to be sad.
Come here.
Mom, you're hugging too tight.
You love it. You love it!
I do love it.
Hey, so this is something I recorded
over summer break
while I was saving the world from robots.
- Thanks again, K-Bones.
- No problem, Dirk.
Anyway, prepare to be dazzled.
- Everybody comfortable?
- Hold on. Aaron's doing an art project.
[laughs] I'm giving our friend a new face.
Am I now a real boy?
No, no, no, no, no.
- Okay, stegosaurus or diplodocus?
- [Katie] Hey, Aaron, who you talking to?
No one. I hate her!
And how does that make you feel?
Small and sad.
Oh, Ron, I'm sure you didn't realize that.
You're proud of him, aren't you?
For redeeming himself?
I'm so proud of you. [sobbing]
Go to him.
[both sobbing]
- Oh! Let me get in on this.
- [Mark] I'm never letting you go, Ron.
Linda, could you marry Ron and be my mom?
Oh, hon, that's not quite how it works.
[Aaron] All right, so we finally made it
to a fancy buffet.
- Mom, that's a lot of mini cheesecakes.
- Hey, I earned this.
[Katie] Hey, Aaron, I got
a little surprise for you. Dad?
I got some clothes
for a little gentleman here.
[gasps]
The prophecy has been fulfilled!
Dad.
Aw, I like that.
♪ On my way, on my way ♪
♪ On my way to somewhere ♪
♪ On my way, on my way to somewhere ♪
♪ I'm gonna cross state lines
In my first car ♪
♪ Over and over
Heal my broken heart ♪
♪ I'm gonna cross state lines
In my first car ♪
♪ Over and over
Heal my broken heart ♪
♪ I'm gonna cross state lines
In my first car ♪
♪ Over and over
Heal my broken heart ♪
♪ I'm gonna cross state lines
In my first car ♪
♪ Over and over
Heal my broken heart ♪
♪ Looking back around like
I need your permission ♪
♪ Know it's always hard when
You know what you're missing ♪
♪ Walk a little further
To the unfamiliar ♪
♪ Ripping out the pages
It won't kill ya ♪
♪ On my way, on my way
On my way to somewhere ♪
♪ On my way
♪ I'm gonna cross state lines
In my first car ♪
♪ Over and over
Heal my broken heart ♪
♪ I'm gonna reach new heights
With every fall ♪
♪ I'm gonna be all talk
But do it all ♪
♪ On my way, on my way
On my way to somewhere ♪
♪ On my way
♪ Seeing what's in front of me
I got double vision ♪
♪ Take a deep breath
Make a decision ♪
♪ On my way, on my way ♪
♪ On my way, on my way
On my way to somewhere ♪
♪ On my way
♪ I'm gonna cross state lines
In my first car ♪
♪ Over and over
Heal my broken heart ♪
♪ I'm gonna cross state lines
In my first car ♪
♪ Over and over
Heal my broken heart ♪
[rock music playing]
[upbeat music playing]
[pensive music playing]
[Linda] Oh, let's have a sing-along.
I'll go first.
♪ Crushing robots
With my family ♪
[imitating guitar riff]
♪ Never seen
Such brutality ♪
[imitates guitar riff]
[laughing] I just made that up.
Somebody give me a Grammy
for Greatest Singer Alive.
[dramatic music playing]
[upbeat music playing]
[Katie] ow, whoa! [laughing]
I don't know.
You guys can't see me, right?